Vn-OKTA-396302-Add note about issuer to Node Express Quickstart Guide (#2171)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app/configure-packages/aspnet/configmid.md

    }
}
```

> Okta middleware uses the [default Custom Authorization Server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#default-custom-authorization-server) by default. Ensure you configure `AuthorizationServerId` for the Authorization Server you are using for your app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Okta middleware uses the [default Custom Authorization Server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#default-custom-authorization-server) by default. Ensure you configure `AuthorizationServerId` for the Authorization Server that you are using for your app:
```

> * if you are using the [default Custom Authorization Server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#default-custom-authorization-server), set `AuthorizationServerId = "default"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are using the [default Custom Authorization Server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#default-custom-authorization-server), set `AuthorizationServerId = "default"`.
```

> * if you are using your own [Custom Authorization Server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#custom-authorization-server), set `AuthorizationServerId = "{authServerId}"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you're using your own [Custom Authorization Server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#custom-authorization-server), set `AuthorizationServerId = "{authServerId}"`.
```

> * if you are using the [Org Authorization Server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#org-authorization-server), set `AuthorizationServerId = ""`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you're using the [Org Authorization Server](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#org-authorization-server), set `AuthorizationServerId = ""`.
```

> Here is an example of middleware configuration using the Org Authorization Server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of the middleware configuration that uses the Org Authorization Server:
```
